hi I'm Graham how and I'm here with
Olivier bovis head of AV media at Sony
who's agreed to join me today to talk
about Sony an IVC this week we talked a
lot about Sony being revolutionary
where's this going to take us in the
future it's interesting I mean that is a
it always goes back to the core aspect
of innovation yeah 20 years ago Sony
invented the SDI interface since then
this is the commonly use interface by
everybody to actually deliver hold your
video content in our broadcast domain
but the world is actually moving more
and more toward IP now we know that you
know a lot of our infrastructure that
mood IP but yet the very last line that
is actually connecting IV world and the
IP domain never really found the work
way to do it the real-time IP production
system allows actually to transfer audio
video data as well which are embedded
into it through an IP system using
conventional IP technology so network
cable so just to give you an ID for that
you know you can imagine the amount of
cable that can be saved when you do an
OB van yo you construct the studio the
cost can be saved through these you can
connect a studio in London where the
camera set would be located where the
studio would be for example in
Manchester in Paris or Berlin right and
this is really fundamentally what is
behind these real-time IP production
technology but it doesn't stop there
because it allows you as well to do more
things you can do remote maintenance you
can do remote monitoring you can do
multi casting you're sending data across
in multiple directions and it's really a
unique system in its own right which is
really really interesting what products
actually really excite you it's
interesting is that I've got around the
table here quite a few products but so
this is the one I was talking about just
a small illustration of this year so you
would take here for example multiple HDI
stream four of them means you can even
do 4k funny enough here and come up with
one rj-45 plug into a network yeah so
this is a small one but again one that
has a massive importance on the more
day-to-day level there is so many
products we could be talking about you
know we we had a product called
trimester yell which we known as some
years ago we have a very first company
launching trimester here which has all a
the technology for
professional usage and these products
have been really reintroducing too
except for in terms of success we are
launching at we don't set nab the
anycast touch which is in its own right
is surfing the wave of new type of user
interface and human interaction with
devices like we've seen on smartphones
for example applied in life production
application you know we start screen a
multiple touch screen and stuff but here
i mean KO n'ya bar you know sometimes
it's not about the products in its own
right sometimes it can be something
within the product that can really blow
you away now these products have been on
sale for quite some time now it's a
product quality and excerpted and if i
am to show that maybe i'd only whether
the camera can see it or not but this
system is a very unique stabilization
system unique so for many many years you
know we've worked to improve
stabilization when you shoot a camera so
that when you wobble your pictures say
stables now this system if you have
never seen it actually is melted the
lens on the gyroscope so for the very
first time it's either the while the
camcorder moves the lens stay stables
yeah so again I don't know whether a
camera can see it or not but this is
really really unique there is no other
product in the marketplace doing this
again probably one of the best hidden
treasure of this camera that nobody
really knows about when you go more
toward more visual expression of
innovation I've got here a product that
was known by our consumer colleagues
last week for example which is the DSC
qx100 so that camera because it's
actually a camera it's not a lens yeah
it's a camera contains a sensor behind
and so on so forth so you switch it on
like this you take it to your phone can
attach it literally and that becomes a
camera yeah you can pair the device by
near-field communication so you can
actually even manipulate it from remote
so again really interesting and the part
that I extract from this for me is as a
company's the ability to sometimes
jeopardize your own success that's the
key to really push yourself in
innovation you know we if Sony didn't
launch that they put it probably you
have taken a more conservative approach
saying oh you know I need to protect my
traditional camera business but no they
are here pushing the boundaries you know
we are doing the same with this we could
stay with traditional SD our interface
but it's got many downside nowadays and
again this is another way to help things
before work so that's all for me
in essence what is the core aspect of
Sony innovation terms and again I'm the
only giving you a few examples but there
is so many that you can actually go and
see whether products or individual
technology within those products so if
someone's going to visit I bc they're
going to come here they're gonna have a
look at the Sony stand where would you
advise them to go and have a look I
would just say go and check out the 4k
life production because this is really
amazing again we are the only company in
the world that can provide full real and
to n 4k live production and that we
demonstrated this by working recently
for the Confederation Cup well we did a
real test live of that systems not as a
product but again as a technology check
this out because this is really really
amazing again looks like a box but
behind these books the technology that
drives and the opportunities for
customers is just fantastic so if anyone
wants to find out any more about the
show any more about the products where
would they have to go well my best
advice rome is to go on the process on a
website register our facebook page and
our twitter feed and there will get
ultimately all the information they need
you